taïaut taïaut senéchal and where
find today for a new
mourning I hope you all go
very well because today we are
Sunday and who says Sunday 10 of
boost a little special week
last one had opened sludge
start up and today I propose you
to welcome you with something
that you probably never have
views on youtube anyway I have
never seen it's a booster
extremis to fear
but in Japanese, look at me
point the booster is terrible he is
too much too much too much I love we're going
look a little bit we see all the
energies of the time
at the time he is necessarily more
dragon energy an energy makes
it was still the good old days we
red is the color
blue the colors of rubies and sapphire
the final evolutions of starter braz and
gally growls and janko and finally
some little pokemon that symbolizes at
n 1 but diana is a liquid guy because
I remind you that at the beginning of
ruby and sapphire version there is the
seco teacher who is being chased by
a small media has in any case the
booster is really very very very beautiful
in Japanese there are no boosters
as many booster camp illustrations
French they only have one
illustration while we have four
in each series in any case from
the former block is still against the
work much better blow their
illustrations look at me how much
these rich anyway the booster is
terrible and note that it is in edition
all Japanese series have a
edition 1 and edition 2 we in
French it was only in the wizard block
that from the ex block who stopped him
editing and we would not necessarily
all the same edition
so give it to booster we find at
small by the cool and a little speedy
to show how truly a
boost its rich in Japanese is
really very very very beautiful and that's the
Japanese booster is a little less rated
that the French booster I had him
for 25 euros but I still had
never seen I looked at the prices a little bit to
the international and that's really what we
can find the booster between 20 and 30
euros which is still a small
Prices for breakfast this morning before
from you open the booster I wanted
say the word that granny the seller and the
nicolas thank you for your purchase I te
wishes an excellent reception in
hoping that this booster will make you happy
I have a display of 30 aulas do not need
you see that from this appointment
remind me of the legends of which I am
separates if the opportunity you want to do
case do not hesitate I know it's
a series that you enjoy soon yes
that's exactly right in the past
I had a discreet call of legend and
We know each other
with the seller because we already know
made sales I sold a display
jungle the edition of at the time we know
already bought and sold items
mutually
well, it's someone I know
very well and we'll see maybe I
will buy him his inis pleases when
I will have more sub it's not yet
topical
good I stop documenting you a lot
spoken we may go to the most
interesting is what you expect
the opening of these Japanese boosters
edition a ruby and sapphire
it's an ex series then it's gone
will go to the opening of this booster
on the other hand I had forgotten that in Japanese
booster it's super well sealed it's
not like the French
frankly the japanese have all of
better I love the series what the sauce
Japanese
I said at the beginning of my channel that
I would also open full of
Japanese but I did not do it because
already I can not complete the
French series so if I put myself
also japanese
you can imagine that I would get away with it
not then I do not know at all the
card placement all I see
is that I have the impression that there is
still a lot of cards 2 4 6 8 10
March 11 roughly like French in
did I say nothing I had just
the impression that it was really
hand on these spoilers
well here I did not know where was
the cards placement look at me the
card go too much but the heat cute
holographic there is not only 1 to 3
of the three small tanks millions with a
landscape and colors
the card go too much too beautiful
wow, it's unblocked these wells
balloons it's all four japanese
are of better quality than series
to French or English very very beautiful
map
then we will continue with a dinner on
really departs the million tank for
keep the beauty of the card is not
spoiling
then we have to chamalot that that
comes a lot of rubies and sapphires I
know the cards then a weight so
reindeer a late room 1 swallows or
rather a horde of enemies washer on
see full of swallow all
around the map is worth a visit
we follow wow she is too beautiful
wow
a media but which media has frankly
he is in a position she is
terrible I love the illustrations of
block ex1 stirred up Monday 9am she
hold me I remembered it I'm
remembered this card but I did not
not quality in rubies sapphires not bad
not bad, we go on with
hang on that we do not care a bit and
we will end with an energy then
apparently in the Japanese series
there were no rivers
I do not know the specifics at all
not to tell you nonsense I know that
in the boosters jacques normally he
there is always a holographic
in any case for the first series I
do not know if it continued after in
boost to toilet like that they have the
called the ex block but in any case
frankly very very badly because then very
very happy to have opened this booster
jap
this morning I hope he will have you
you had a good time
look at me the sapphire ruby ​​acronym
then the macro I'm not sure about you
to want to be
in any case we had the 6th card 55 that
means it's only 55 hours in
the series like it's weird that there is
maybe two happy sapphire then
I am for I am produced everything I
do not know I do not know Japanese
compared to French I am
much less stalling but in any case I
think we had a very good
breakfast
I will give back to me the two most
beautiful cards of the opening I hesitate
with a swallow still a
swallows was beautiful good are we going
stay with medina and bowers have
frankly it is with pleasure that
I would like to do as soon as Sunday
little ones of her Sunday like that because
that it changes French openings
classic boosters
last time I did some boosters
tope there I did a booster jap cd
booster we are not used to seeing
on youtube it's really things
they're out of the ordinary and that's
what I want to do for
p'tits de sunday do things
who are original and who I hope you
please at the same time if the
video you liked do not hesitate to put
a little leichel will make a pleasure and a
comment to tell me what you
have thought
we'll meet again tomorrow for a new
breakfast and for future videos
as usual you are super keep
his bed
honestly it's